Fabric fluent 2 (#12326)
OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react: apps/fabric-website/src/pages/Overviews/GetStartedPage/docs/web/GetStartedDevelopCore.md

### Adding Fabric Core to your site

> To add the latest version of Fabric Core to your site, link to this CSS file in the `<head>` of your webpage. (For the pre-Fabric styles, replace `11.0.0` with `9.6.1` in the `href`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the latest version of Fabric Core to your site, link to this CSS file in the `<head>` of your webpage. (For the MDL2 styles used in Fabric 6, replace `11.0.0` with `9.6.1` in the `href`.)
```
